I deployed my project using Netlify. You can access my project by using this url: https://sky-forecast-final-project.netlify.app

I decided to expand on my previous final project.The previous weather app I made, displayed the searched city's current weather only. This newly updated weather app, displays not only the current weather but gives the user a five hour forecast along with a five day forecast of the city that they searched. 
Including the current time and date of the city searched. I've also included buttons to change temperature units, with the options of metric and imperial units.
I think one of the thingst that had worked well, was that I had been comfortable with using OpenWeatherMap API , so I went some knowledge already how to retrieve the same data that I had used for the last project. Displaying the data and creating a layout of the data that fit my vision was fun, altough I think I can get caught up with design and can complicate things while doing so.
The one thing I had trouble was retrieving the hourly and daily data, because I had to use latitude and longitude coordinates, to get current data. The main thing that frustrated me was the fact that I adding components to try and organize my data, but then realizing that it's nice to be able to use the same data retrieved and layout for similar fetches. ie. the hourly and daily data are displayed the same and that was done by keeping the data on the same component.
I also sometimes forget which kind of syntaxes to use where, and somtimes I have too min divs and find myself forgetting a comma, semi-colon. 
I also couldn't figure out the .env file, because every time I tried to incorporate it to my app, I would get an error. 
The last frustration I had is the unit testing. I feel like I am able to create the test, but not able to get one to pass, which frustrates me because I know my application is functional, yet there is still things to fix, or do in a better manner. And that's why we test our applications. 
I actually really like my application, when I viewed other weather websites, they seem to busy, with extra data, that I believe common people could go without. I like the simplicity of my weather app. But if I had to continue to build my weather app, I would be maybe have two or three city's weather data displayed. Often times we are curious what the weather is like back home, or where we're going(ie. vacation..). So maybe that is something I would add now that my project is deployed. 